[Music]
hey guys welcome back to the channel the
Indian and today I have brought you the
big packet of a mincer packaging so I
have ordered some shoes and flip-flops
and some Crocs so let's unbox it so on
the main packaging there is a Myntra
loco as you can see here and it is in
smite and this package will make you
hundred percent fashionable then there
is a that is who ever said happiness
can't be said happiness can't be
contained in a box other there are some
pictures here and on the back side there
is an internal logo best of brands and
that old stuff and the hair is a big so
let's unbox it and here is my special
knife so let's unbox it
[Applause]
[Music]
the best thing about a would be where is
you get a lot of things to unbox
actually unbox it away
actually I am suffering from the heel
cup that is why maybe my sound good we
know so much clearer so here the first
box that is work locks 1825 Schumaker
its low force I suppose
MRP 5999 card lock Lane you create with
G 0 42 and so let's keep it aside and
see what other things does it have
so the second box is also of Clark's
shoemaker since 1825 and it is of worth
six nine nine nine and it is of UK fit a
size 8 PG black leather the third one is
of Carleton London here it is size 8 42
color chocolate and MRP is four nine
nine five
[Applause]
Oh
there are the Crocs but they are the
uber packaging I suppose a little bit of
what right again they were opened when I
take it out of the bag so it is a one
pair corral maybe and it's us m9w 11 and
it is worth two thousand rupees
here is the information you can do it it
let's keep it aside and see what other
things do we have in the box there is
another pack of the Crocs this one is of
black color same size m9w 11 and its
cost is all the same that is 2002 piece
let's keep it on the side and see what
other thing do we have okay so last but
not the least we have this Nike
flip-flops not again the great packaging
so these are us 9 size and UK 8 Europe
42.5 and they are worth 1,400 rounds
thirteen thousand nine thirteen hundred
ninety five information
let's see if we have anything else in
the box
I'm inspecting no we don't have anything
so now we will unbox one by one every of
the following stuff and see what is in
them
so starting off with a squat in London
box you can see on the main eight result
in carton London and there's a tag about
the product and size and the price here
it is hilton carton and then a carton
done in brand established since 1992 in
the East End of London offering exciting
fashion Footwear a necessity for men and
women here there is just two logos as
you may know what are the meanings of
this and here it is just a brand
nickname Carlton Lennon so let's unbox
it okay here also it is written that
same tag and here it is just plain so
let's unbox it there is it a if I just
need to
like the packaging is okay not good much
about so here are the shoes chocolate
color
[Music]
nice inside of them it's wrote in 1992
Carleton then then special edition same
thing is mentioned on the both of the
shoes at the back here decision Calton
them noon so let's see what are the
other boxes
so the next one is the clock and it is
on the main absolutely are heading
clerks and a shoemaker
since 1825 it is information about the
shoes the color price size and that all
stuff hairspray in here sniffing Clark's
nothing else on the oxide okay that's
nothing much
that's all so let's unbox okay that is
been unboxed no tape here nice packaging
I would say that it's a nice packaging
better than the carton was so here it is
the information regarding all of that
maybe the companies and we need to read
out that further or if you want to read
you can pause the video and do it in the
box we have shoes and a manual so this
is the menu manual the inside story
cushion plus the old a comfort so this
will be revealing the secret behind the
old a comfort type of women
another are in different languages maybe
Spanish Japanese this is French I think
by the way idols are on I also know a
little bit of French Bonjour these are
the other pair of shoes these are black
in color as you can see the same in the
box beside this are the pair looks nice
right
it has written clocks under logo maybe a
stamp backside nothing much clocks
that's all let's unbox the other one
the third one box is also of clerks and
I think that is of in cell offers you
can see the information the box has been
toned up here maybe a hole that's in
your tone may be satisfactory many you
comment guys down at least tell me
nothing much on the other side so let's
unbox it means that box was opened I
don't know about open by me nice
packaging I would say better than the
both of the previous I have unboxed
maybe of each let's see what extra light
dot foam extra light
yeah and I would like to mention that
the video was not sponsored by any of
the positions or a company note by the
mentor and not by the any company like
larks Crocs Carleton or Mike
so here are the shoes I mean offers nice
very nice there is a proper packaging
here maybe not in this one but something
like that they look nice so let's see
what are in the other thing other boxes
so now we are on unbox unbox unwrap the
Crocs so let's start with this black one
you can see there is a crocs written on
the packaging and some information
regarding this bag that is that this bag
is not a toy
don't play with it keep it away from the
kids and there is an information about
the product so there is a type of hanger
which you mean it's company maybe from
the company only they are coming there
are other tags regarding the crops and
that hole so if they are very
comfortable and it is it in here also
iconic Crocs comfort
I like the Crocs because they are very
comfortable and can be used for casual
purposes as well as some of the formal
purposes collection box
unwrap the other
same packaging the Crocs a label and
this bag is not a toy
keep it away from children the hangar
same packaging same thing same lip links
only the difference is the only the
difference is the color iconic Crocs
comfort m9w
11 you can check the spice maybe wonder
www.gross.com and I is usually there 9
or 8 and that is why I have all of this
the sizes of Crocs are little different
from the other companies so you must
check it before you buy so the last but
not the least is the Nike nicely nicely
nicely flip-flops so let's wrap it easy
to unwrap perceive it out ok it is a
little here regarding the product and
adapt I don't know why I am making some
type of noises
I don't like the packaging is looking
like it has been used
I don't know by oh that's okay so this
is packaging here it is a little raw
rice one three nine five size nine us
color is wolf great guitar or cedar copy
and the name is Nike grommet on the
backside with a Nike so I hope